# Reflection

For this week's exercise, I went with options B and C. My reasoning for choosing two options stems from feeling like my submission would have been unsubstantial had I gone with just implementing option C into my midterm project. Now for as to why I picked these options individually, option B was a natural pick since Supabase integration is something that I originally wanted to implement into my previous midterm project (with me only deciding against fully doing it due to time constraints). Option C was implemented because I was curious about how difficult it would be to manage a project that utilized two or more external APIs (RAWG and Youtube Data API v3 in GameLog's case). 

Implementing a new API into a project that already previously used another API was a lot easier than I imagined. No conflicts seemed to emerge, giving me a more positive impression of what it would be like to build large scale projects that call several API every other second. Updating the project to utilize Supabase authorization, on the other hand, ended up being a bit of a pain. Despite having previously written preliminary code meant to make future Supabase integration smoother, notable features of the website still ended up temporarily breaking or not properly working as intended (e.g. previously valid logins were made invalid, different accounts couldn't add the same game entry to their own individual logs, the signup process didn't allow for any new accounts to be made, etc.). In order to fix these errors, I had to provide Claude with about three followup prompts outlining the issues and modify the type of SQL table queries being made.

In using Supabase, I had to learn a bit more about how to properly read/manage SQL tables and user keys. The errors I experienced with Supabase integration seemed to have originally stemmed from my misunderstanding of these two concepts, making my learning experience of these two quite crucial for any future endeavors involving cloud databases. 

If I had another week, I think I would have liked to have tried my hand at implementing option A into the project. Due to not meeting the system requirements for Ollama, I would have to use an external cloud LLM API. And in doing so, I would be able to deeply explore what the advantages, disadvantages, and miscellaneous perks would be of something that I had no background experience or knowledge on.